After we've successfully integrated markdown editor and
syntax highlight in both question and answer component
the next thing that we need to do is to implement
them in this new answer component. So let's switch
back over to our editor.
here I'll run npm run watch
then let's open new answer component.
Here in script section
let's import the M Editor component
then register it in components property
now we can jump to our template and find the text area.
Here let's wrap it with m editor
bind the body to body
also name equals new dash answer
that's all we need to add markdow editor in this component.
Now let's highlight the code that possibly written in New
answer. As you can see here when the form submitted
its we'll call create method so let's jump to this create method
in this method we perform from AJAX call and
when succeed it's emitting created event to the
parent component.
So let's open
the answers component
find the new answer component
here we'll find on created it's called add method.
Now let's go to add method as you
can see here in this method we push our new answer to
answers array and then increment the answer counter
so here we can call this dot highlight to highlight our new answer
and don't forget to import the highlight mixin
and add it in mixins property.
That's it
now let's save all changes
back to our browser reload the page.
All right now we have markdown editor
in our new answer component.
Let me write something here
let me preview this answer here the script is highlighted.
Now I'll save this answer
new answer added but unfortunately the code is not highlighted.
Let me switch back to my editor
I'll open the highlight mixin
then here I'll console log the element
I'll save
reload the page
let me edit this I'll copy
then paste here and chance a little bit.
I'll open my browser console
and I'll hit submit
here in my console
the element is undefined.
Do you have any idea why this happen?
We'll fix this issue in the next video.
Let's commit our changes to our git repo.